Update degraded host post with new information (#173)
val-town/val-town-blog: src/content/blog/post-mortem-degraded-host-network.md

author: Max McDonnell
---

> _After investigating we learned more about what happened and updated the content
> of this post. You can view the
> [original version here](https://github.com/val-town/val-town-blog/commit/1059e2aff2973aa841b06c46c1ce6c3e680d2d45)._
> 

Reviewer: What you have is fine, but I think maybe something more like this?

```suggestion
_An
[earlier version of this post](https://github.com/val-town/val-town-blog/commit/1059e2aff2973aa841b06c46c1ce6c3e680d2d45)
posited that the cause of this downtime was a degraded host network.
We now think that initial hypothesis was incorrect, so we have updated this post with our current understanding of the cause.
```
